---
title: Meetings

# Listing view
view: compact

# Optional header image (relative to `assets/media/` folder).
banner:
  caption: ''
  image: 'meetings.jpg'
---

## Group meetings

### 2025
 * Nov 28 --- Round table update
 * Nov 21 --- SPIE abstract hackathon
 * Nov 14 --- Cancelled due to travel
 * Nov 7 ---  Round table update
 * Oct 31 --- Discussion of holography setup in the lab
 * Oct 24 --- Cancelled due to fall break
 * Oct 17 --- Planning meeting for SPIE conference
 * Oct 10 --- Review of upcoming funding calls
 * Oct 3 --- Discussion of new wiki structure and an update from Ashesh on FDTD simulations
 * Sep 26 --- Update on finite-structure simulations of AR coatings from Rustam
 * Sep 19 --- Organization of group efforts for the school year, discussion of cryostat design work
 * Sep 12 --- Cancelled due to sheep roundup duties (réttir) :ewe: 
 * Sep 5 --- Update on simulation results from Ashesh and Xiaodong
 * Agust 29 --- Planning for the fall semester
 * August 22 --- Review of lessens learned from Taurus meeting
 * August 15 --- Project summaries from Ásrún and Katrín Hekla
 * August 8 --- Extended round table meeting 
 * July 11 -  Aug 1 --- Summer vacation period
 * July 4 --- Round table discussion 
 * June 27 --- Round table discussion and planning for July
 * June 20 --- Cancelled due to vacations
 * June 13 --- Discussion of TOPTICA system
 * June 6 --- Discussion of science from the South Pole following Kovac visit
 * May 30 --- The art of the research proposal 
 * May 23 --- Telescope unboxing event
 * May 16 --- Stockholm packing week
 * May 9  --- Round table update
 * April 25 --- Polarization angle defintions

